mk_add_options MOZ_MAKE_FLAGS="-j3"

ac_add_options --disable-webm
ac_add_options --disable-dash
ac_add_options --disable-webrtc
ac_add_options --disable-ogg
ac_add_options --disable-opus
ac_add_options --disable-dbus
ac_add_options --disable-necko-wifi
ac_add_options --disable-libnotify
ac_add_options --disable-gstreamer

mk_add_options MOZ_OBJDIR=@TOPSRCDIR@/xulrunner-build-dir
ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --enable-application=xulrunner

ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-debug
ac_add_options --disable-installer
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-mochitest
ac_add_options --enable-shared-js
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --with-pthreads
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-png
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr

ac_add_options --enable-optimize
ac_add_options --enable-strip
ac_add_options --enable-install-strip
