mk_add_options AUTOCLOBBER=1
ac_add_options --enable-application=palemoon

ac_add_options --enable-optimize="-O2"

mk_add_options MOZ_OBJDIR=@TOPSRCDIR@/pmbuild

ac_add_options --enable-jemalloc
ac_add_options --enable-strip
ac_add_options --enable-install-strip
ac_add_options --with-pthreads

ac_add_options --disable-dbus
ac_add_options --disable-pulseaudio
ac_add_options --disable-gconf

ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-eme
ac_add_options --disable-parental-controls
ac_add_options --disable-accessibility
ac_add_options --disable-webrtc
ac_add_options --disable-gamepad
ac_add_options --disable-necko-wifi
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-debug
ac_add_options --disable-debug-symbols
ac_add_options --enable-alsa
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --with-system-icu

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --x-libraries=/usr/lib
mk_add_options PYTHON=/usr/bin/python2
